spaces embedding dedicated doc (#533)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-embedding.md

> # Embedding your Space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Embed your Space in another website
```

> Once you Space is up and running you might wish to embed it in a website or in your blog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your Space is up and running you might wish to embed it in a website or in your blog. 
```

Embedding or sharing your Space is a great way to allow your audience to interact with your work and demonstrations without requiring any setup on their side.

## Direct URL

A Space is assigned a unique URL that once the Space is `Running` you can use to share you Space or embed it in a website. 
This URL is of the form: `"https://<space-subdomain>.hf.space"`. For instance the space [NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio](https://huggingface.co/spaces/NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio) has corresponding URL of `"https://nimaboscarino-hotdog-gradio.hf.space"`.

> The subdomain is unique and only changes if you move your Space or rename it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subdomain is unique and only changes if you move your Space or rename it.

Your space is always served from the root of this subdomain.
```

> A Space is assigned a unique URL that once the Space is `Running` you can use to share you Space or embed it in a website. 
> This URL is of the form: `"https://<space-subdomain>.hf.space"`. For instance the space [NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio](https://huggingface.co/spaces/NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio) has corresponding URL of `"https://nimaboscarino-hotdog-gradio.hf.space"`.
> The subdomain is unique and only changes if you move your Space or rename it.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Space is assigned a unique URL you can use to share your Space or embed it in a website. 

This URL is of the form: `"https://<space-subdomain>.hf.space"`. For instance, the space [NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio](https://huggingface.co/spaces/NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio) has the corresponding URL of `"https://nimaboscarino-hotdog-gradio.hf.space"`. The subdomain is unique and only changes if you move or rename your Space.

```

> You can find the Space URL along with examples snippets of how to embed your Space directly from the options on your Space page:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find the Space URL along with examples snippets of how to embed it directly from the options menu.
```

<div class="flex justify-center">

> <img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/spaces-embed-option.png"/>

Reviewer 2: These need to be added

Reviewer: you can also use the screenshots from https://gradio.app/sharing_your_app/#embedding-hosted-spaces, IMO

Author: Created the PR on the dataset: https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/discussions/13
@julien-c the screenshots available on the gradio doc do not have the black version which is why I use new images.

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/spaces-embed-option-dark.png"/>
</div>

## Embedding with IFrames

The default embedding method for a Space is using IFrames. Add in the HTML location where you want to embed your Space the following element:

```html
<iframe
    src="https://<space-subdomain>.hf.space"
    frameborder="0"
    width="850"
    height="450"
></iframe>
```

For instance using the NimaBoscarino/hotdog-gradio Space:
<iframe src="https://nimaboscarino-hotdog-gradio.hf.space"frameborder="0"width="850"height="450" ></iframe>

## Embedding with WebComponents

> If the Space you wish to embed is a Gradio based Space you can additionally use Web Components to embed your Space.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a sentence explaining why to use web components (e.g. responsive to different sizes, no need to specify width/height)

> First off you need to import the Gradio JS library by adding the following script to your HTML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, you need to import the Gradio JS library that corresponds to the Space Gradio version by adding the following script to your HTML.
```

```html

> <script

Author: Breaks of the build (trying to load the gradio module). Searching for a solution to have this not interpreted by the doc

Reviewer: worst case, just use a screenshot

Author: Could not solve the `<script>` issue so I added a screenshot as you suggested.

	type="module"
	src="https://gradio.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/3.1.7/gradio.js"
></script>
```

> Then simply add a `gradio-app` element where you want to embed your Space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, add a `gradio-app` element where you want to embed your Space.
```
